Add schema settings on database level (#617)
astronomer/astro-sdk: docs/configurations.rst

Configuration
=============

> Configuring database default schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring the database default schema
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We can configure the default schema that will be used for all operation involving database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can configure the default schema that will be used for all operations involving databases.
```

environment variable :

.. code:: shell

   AIRFLOW__ASTRO_SDK__SCHEMA="tmp"

or by updating Airflow's configuration

.. code:: shell

   [astro_sdk]
   schema = "tmp"

> We can also configure schema on database level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also configure the default schema specific to the database type (example: specific to Snowflake, BigQuery, Postgres). If both the default and database-specific schemas are defined, the preference is given to the database-specific value.
```
